hello now welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're telling
at the 2005 fantasy adventure film Harry
Potter and the Goblet of Fire the fourth
Harry Potter film so let's get started
the spoiler does require in part they've
seen the previous films if you like to
see a spoiler for them please check out
the link in the cards above the film
starts with Harry attending the
Quidditch World Cup and after the game
death years agents of Lord Voldemort
begin attacking and terrorizing the
spectators and summon the dark Martin to
the sky the symbol for Lord Voldemort
now in Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts
Dumbledore introduces the new Defense
Against the Dark Arts teacher mad-eye
moody a former R or a hunter of dark
wizards
Dumbledore announces that the school
will host the Triwizard Tournament a
tournament between three schools which
their top students will face 3 deadly
challenges the other schools arrive and
those wishing to compete place their
names into the Goblet of Fire which one
wizard from each school be chosen to
compete Cedric Diggory is chosen from
Hogwarts Viktor Krum a famous Quidditch
player is to represent der strand
Institute and Fleur Delacour
from the BX Baum's Academy of magic then
the Goblet unexpectedly produces a
fourth named Harry Potter only three
Wizards are supposed to compete and
Harry is far too young to even enter
into the dangerous tournament but he is
forced to as it is explained by the
Ministry official Barty Crouch senior
due to a magical contract for the first
part of the tournament they must
retrieve a golden egg guarded by a
dragon Harry is able to do so using his
broom the egg contains information about
the second challenge but is a difficult
puzzle to solve but Harry gets help from
Cedric later on at the school's Yule
Ball dance
Harry's crush Cho Chang attends with
Cedric and Hermione is asked by Victor
Krum which makes Ron very jealous the
second task involves going into the
school's lake to rescue friends there at
the bottom being guarded by Murphy
Carrie places third well because he
helped save floors sister they put him
in second place behind bedroom
afterwards Harry finds the corpse of
Barty Crouch senior the ministry
official in Dumbledore's office Harry
discovers a pensive a bowl which
contains Dumbledore's memories in it
Harry witnesses the trial of Igor
Karkaroff the headmaster of durmstrang
who confesses the names of several Death
Eaters after Voldemort's fall Severus
Snape is named but Dumbledore defends
him also Barty Crouch jr. is named which
left his father Barty Crouch senior
devastated Harry has also been having
mysterious dreams about Voldemort and
some other man which he is convinced is
Barty Crouch jr. during the final task
the champions must enter a hedge maze
and reach the Triwizard Cup Victor who
is under the mind-controlling Imperius
curse incapacitates floor harry saves
cedric from Victor's attacks and they've
claimed a draw both grabbing the cup at
the same time which turns out to
actually be a portkey which transports
them to a graveyard there they are met
by Peter Pettigrew and Voldemort
Pettigrew kills Cedric then uses a
ritual to restore Baltimore to its full
power full d'amour then summons all of
the Death Eaters and they challenge
Harry to a duel Harry and Voldemort cast
spells at the same time which causes
voldemort's wand to show impressions of
the people he murder including Harry's
parents and Cedric its distracts
Voldemort and Harry grabs Cedric's body
and uses the port key to escape once
back at Hogwarts Harry tells Dumbledore
that Voldemort is responsible for
Cedric's death mad-eye moody takes Harry
back to his office to interrogate him on
what happened but moody slips up by
asking him if there was others at the
graveyard when Harry had yet to reveal
that he was at the graveyard at all
Moody then reveals that he is actually
the one who put Harry's name into the
Goblet of Fire killed Barty Crouch
senior and has been manipulating the
tournament this whole time to ensure
that Harry would end up at the graveyard
so his blood could be used for the
ritual to bring back Voldemort so that
Voldemort could kill Harry moody tries
to kill Harry but Harry is saved by
Dumbledore Snape and McGonagall the
teachers forced Moody to drink a
truth-telling potion and it is revealed
that he is not actually
moody but instead Barty Crouch jr. using
a Polyjuice potion to disguise himself
Crouch jr. had escaped Azkaban and is
sent back the real Moody was locked in a
trunk this whole time and is released
Dumbledore reveals to the school that
Voldemort killed Cedric but the Ministry
of Magic is opposed to the revelation
and denies it the school bids farewell
to one another and Dumbledore reminds
Harry that he is not alone in this
struggle so that was the spoilers for
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil so you let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts in the various forms of social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching